Thinking about making a bot, who will run over to where you click.
The idea is the cursor is always 0,0
When you click, it calls pos and goes to the spot the character is at,
If it moves right, we simply print space and the char,
then move back to 0,0
However, left, down and up are more complex
We have to remove the old char, place the new one and then move back to 0,0
And then we come to actually determning movement
That's just some math, and then sometimes randomly choosing to go some way two or three times

I also want to add a bult-in function to Input, Input.Box();
It will make a box, and use pos to detect "Did the user click in here?"
I'm thinking we can make it an import instead, and name the lib
INPxpand, and it would provide useful stuff for input with mouse and keyboard
Like using Input.Key() to make a function, INPxpand.Input("Press Enter to continue");
Basically, it returns whatever was on the line.
The "Press Enter to continue" is a placeholder that doubles
as an example
I also need to rename INPxpand, since it's long and complicated.
[Also, I have TypeSense on, and it said my idea was dumb.. I'm hurt :(]
There would also be (possibly) INPxpand.Circle(r=5);
and (definitley) INPxpand.Box(xyStart=[0,0], xyEnd=[5,5], click="down", button=1);
Basically, if there's a click in the box, it returns true, otherwise false
I was thinking about adding a function to force a wait for mouse input, but here what you do:

let list mouse = [];
while (mouse = []){
mouse = Input.Mouse());
}

Simply, it get's stuck waiting. Then, you'll have your output!
And, it keeps the language small :)
Unless there's demand for it to become a function, I won't add it
I also want to add other libraries, and I want to also make it to where
you can have C++ libraries too.. Just.. compile them yourself?
And compile Avocado, and your problems are fixed
Although.. I'm likely not ever going to implement that, and you'll just
have to use Minis.
I also want to somewhat stick with the original idea, a small compact
laguage for writing games in.
And since the assumption is that there will be versions of the language
We can name it based on the number of lines, with semantic versioning next to it
But round the lines of code in minis. So it would be Minis900 1.0.0 right now
Or even 0.0.0 since it's not done yet. I'm expecting between Minis1000 and Minis2000
for the complete product :)

I need to add both a range() function, to make a list of numbers
Just list Python does :D
It wont actually be that useful for a for loop in this language
The reason being, if you use range, this is what it would look like:

for (let i = 0; i < len(range(5)); i++){
  print(i);
}

Vs.

for (let i = 0; i < 5; i++){
  print(i);
}

The second one uses less code, it's more readable, and it doesn't
require a function call to get a number.
It's also more memory efficient, since it doesn't have to store
the list of numbers in memory.
This is especially useful, since C++ isn't memory safe.
So, I need to also add a del function, to delete a variable
Or, I could just make it so that when the variable goes out of scope,
it gets deleted automatically.
While and for wouldn't be considered scope, since I want to keep my idea of
using while to wait for a mouse input before doing anything else
I could make it to where there's a main function named main()
And to keep Minis memory safe.. If you're smart about using functions,
it will return anything it has to return.. If anything at all, and then,
it deletes every variable that was used inside it.
The guide will discourage having anything but the main game loop,
to avoid having any extra variables in memory.

Maybe, I remove the Input. in the source code, and make Input an actual library.
Or, I make it to where Input. in the source code is what I'm using for the base
functions, since if I don't have those, it's not possible
But, maybe I make it to where vars and math are the only built-in functions
Then, I write everything else into other C++ files, and I figure out how to include them?
Or, we set it to where you have to import them, and if you don't have like import Input;
It won't let you acess anything from Input, and it will be a built-in library, built in C++
minis will be able to import the functions and use them, if you import it?

Maybe, once every line of code has been run, we know what vars from a lib we're ever going to use
Anything else, we get rid of.
We also know what some libs are, the built-in ones
It's not going to be gate-kept like Java does, where it's in the source code
Instead, unless you import it, on any line except the first, populating will no longer be an option.
So, we can delete the functions used for populating, except for whats already in the population
So, theres a function that looks for import Input, and if it doen't find it before the actual
code is starting to be used, it deletes the ability to populate Input.
On top of that, any other functions that could be used for populating with any other lib
And to tell if the user wants a local file, like C++ and C, it will be import "thisLib.mni"


The language will ONLY ever have acess to functions you import.
The other libs that will be built-in are Terminal, Time and Random.
Terminal will house pos, color, and so on, essentially, anything that wouldn't be apart of
basic game making, so print, cls and list modifying, etc. will all stay

The naming convention is a bit complex
If it's a single word, [hello]
Two or more, it's [HelloThere]
If it's a lib name, [Math]
Functions are [HelloThereHowAreYou & Hello]
One word built-ins are [hello]

This is a bit complex, and I need a standard
It needs to look decent..
Print doesn't looks good, but
Terminal.Print() does.
Temrinal.print() doesn't
It's complex.. Alone, a word looks bad upper case, with others, if every word is uppercase
it looks awesome

I plan to add a for (), since I've realized the language at this point isn't ready for production...
I also intent to change getList(list, 0) to list[0].
I will be keeping listPush, since it allows placing an item in a list at a specific point.
There will also be string indices, like "hello"[0]
Minis is also going to use clone for duplicating a variable.

There's also going to be a file for Minis, that doesn't include a compiler, just how to run it.
Avocado is also something like VIM. So, now, I have to add settings, such as:

in-line coloring - Adds coloring to text for built-in functions, variables, and so on
[I'll add more later]

We also have to implement not just saving the compiled code as code.ms, but [file name].ms
The version with a compiler and runner with Minis will be called MinisDev.
The version with just a runner will just be called Minis.

I've also thought about security implementations, such as an encoded sha256 hash of the code. The runner will generate a hash (Removing the hash info first of course), and make sure it matches the included hash.
Although, this is likely pointless, as byte written code isn't human-readable, and there aren't features that can damage a computer.
The name will also have the first four characters of a hash of the entire compiled minis file.
This is to ensure the naming convention is unique.

The new naming scheme is:
Minis-1072-Dev-82md
Minis-1072-Use-fei3
Minis-line numbers-Minis type-hash

for
operators
import // Doesn't work :( [Or maybe it does.. It's untested]
try
except
class
with
as
in
lambda
yield
raise
assert
from

These are some of the features I want to add :)